creating a full YouTube video from your
articles and scripts is easier than ever
all you need is to get your text and
paste it into these artificial
intelligence tools they will analyze
your script and produce suitable media
that needs little to no editing designs
AI Pick 3 AI nvidia.io lumen5 and wave
dot video are among the best options you
can use to create any type of YouTube
video you want
I tried to create a YouTube channel for
movie Recaps using AI here's what
happened I used some AI tools to produce
a movie recap video and observe the
outcome of using copyrighted materials
and content creation that have always
been curious about how movie recap
channels manage to thrive on YouTube
despite a clear violation of YouTube's
copyright policies while making this
video I discovered something that is not
commonly discussed I found a way to
overcome the copyright obstacles and
ensure the video stayed on the platform
in this video I will show you how it
went and highlight a few things about
YouTube that you may not be aware of
additionally I will provide some
insights and explain how these YouTube
channels may be able to remain on the
platform despite copyright issues
to start I set up an existing YouTube
channel that I already had since it was
dormant I renamed it to movie recapped
and rebranded it with the channel set up
the next step was to upload some content
I browsed the internet for movie
recommendation websites to find an
interesting movie to feature on the
channel knowing that the channel was new
and had no audience yet I didn't spend
so much time searching for a perfect
video I came across the movie the boy
called Christmas and thought it would be
good for a winter show after downloading
and watching the movie I took notes and
later turned them into a video script I
then used an AI text-to-speech generator
to convert the script into an audio
voice over I manually edited the entire
video by trimming cutting deleting and
adjusting each scene to match the voice
over in script this editing process took
around five hours to complete once I
added a few finishing touches and
finalized the video project I uploaded
and published the video on the channel
few hours after uploading the video I
received an email notification from
YouTube indicating that there was a
copyright claim on the video and the
content was blocked worldwide this meant
that YouTube's content ID matching
system had detected something in the
uploaded content that matched with some
of the content in its Library the
message clarified that this was a
copyright claim and not a copyright
strike I wasn't surprised because I was
expecting something like this however
when I checked my YouTube Studio I was
surprised to find that only a few
seconds of the entire content had been
claimed and it wasn't even in the middle
of the content but rather in the intro
section to resolve this copyright claim
I had two options option one was to
delete the segment of the video that was
causing the problem using the YouTube
Studio editor I could do this for the
few seconds that were claimed and
hopefully everything would be resolved
option two was to dispute the copyright
claim my rationale behind this was to
argue that the content uploaded to the
channel fell under fair use as it wasn't
a replacement for of the original
content so I wrote a note to whomever it
may concern YouTube said that it would
take about 30 days for the claim to be
automatically released if the copyright
owners did not respond even if they
responded I could still reapply for
dispute I waited for 30 days but no one
got back to me after the 30 days the
video was still blocked it took about
five weeks after I submitted the
statement for the copyright claim to be
released the video was cleared and ready
to go live I logged into my studio and
made the video public you can find the
link to the video in the description
below before discussing the observations
I made it's essential to understand
something about the YouTube platform
especially when it comes to copyright
claims in order of priority YouTube
enforces Community guidelines first in
monetization policies second copyright
claims are the lowest on the list this
means that YouTube would not enforce a
copyright claim on its own without
getting a request from the copyright
holders or owners however YouTube does
not need permissions to enforce
compliance with the YouTube Community
guidelines if you upload copyrighted
material to your YouTube channel YouTube
May notify the original owners if they
decide to ignore it and take no action
you won't receive a copyright claim one
conclusion I reached about movie recap
channels is that they likely receive
automatic copyright claims on their
videos like I did however they may be
using the dispute method to release
their videos we don't know what's going
on behind the scenes of these channels
as we only see the videos that are
public without any idea of how many were
taken down or are currently being
disputed the second conclusion I reached
is That these channels use clever
editing techniques to prevent copyright
claims they have mastered these
techniques to avoid such situations
using my video as an example the only
segment that was claimed was where I
left a few seconds of the original
content without any Cuts however getting
past the copyright claim may be easier
than getting to the next stage which is
being accepted into the YouTube Partner
program and monetizing the content I
verified that the majority of these big
channels are monetized but I haven't
figured out how they became monetized
and are able to maintain it so do I
recommend anyone should start a movie
recap Channel not really my reason is
that in future YouTube may change or
introduce new policies that could affect
these types of channels it's best to
stay on the safe side by creating
original content that you don't have to
worry about copyright claims and
disputes speaking of creating original
content the video currently showing on
the screen demonstrates how you can
transform an existing video on YouTube
into your unique content using a set of
AI content creation tools if you want to
learn how to create professional YouTube
content with AI tools the links to
necessary videos are in the description
below thank you for watching and I hope
to see you in the next video
if you have ever tried to create
professional YouTube videos on a tight
budget then you will benefit from
learning how to use AI content creation
tools that is discussed on the channel
in this video I will demonstrate how to
produce and edit a professional YouTube
video using only the flex clip video
editor and chat GPT before we begin the
tutorial let me show you the result of
this process today we're talking about
one of the biggest environmental issues
we face today plastic pollution did you
know that plastic garbage is destroying
many creatures natural habitats damaging
marine life what if I told you that
technology in particular artificial
intelligence AI May assist us in solving
this problem it is a problem that needs
to be tackled researchers are developing
cutting-edge tools and methods that make
use of artificial intelligence to study
comprehend and Safeguard our oceans from
plastic waste we can use artificial
intelligence AI to identify the
different types locations and quantities
of plastic debris in the ocean and plan
cleanup efforts without endangering
marine life but one of the biggest
challenges in cleaning up our oceans is
tracking Marine litter that's where AI
drones come in flying drones take photos
of the examined area and machine
learning algorithms analyze these images
to detect possible locations of plastic
waste and highlight these areas on the
map these algorithms are trained to
detect plastic rubbish such as bottle
tops or plastic bags now let's dive into
the steps I took to create this video
step one to start I had to settle on a
specific topic I searched Google and
YouTube several times until I stumbled
Upon A trending topic regarding the
world of artificial intelligence I
combine this with a topic related
and finally settled on the subject how
artificial intelligence can help solve
plastic pollution this was the initial
topic that I had in mind I wanted to see
if I could create a more engaging
YouTube video title that could capture
people's attention so the first thing I
did was to ask chat GPT to rewrite this
title into five engaging variations for
me to choose from I asked for a total of
10 title variations these are the
variations of the initial title and I
could literally copy and use any of
these or I could slightly modify any of
them to be used as the topic so I'm
going to slightly change my original
topic to how AI is saving our seas from
plastic pollution now that I have a good
title it's time to prepare the
foundational script for the YouTube
video I researched the internet for
useful information to combine with my
background knowledge on this topic I
searched through several published
articles on the topic and created a
script by myself although the script is
foundational there is still some work
and enhancements to be done now it's
time to edit the video script using chat
GP PT I already have an idea of how I
want the YouTube video to look so I will
ask chatgpt to revise the script by
improving the grammar expanding on the
content and making it more engaging
specifically I ask chat GPT to rewrite
the script into a simple conversational
tone that's suitable for a podcast after
telling chat GPT about my desired
structure and feel of the video script I
received the generated script although
it looks good I am still going to use
quill bot to rephrase the script and
enhance its overall quality
really
after some adjustments this is the final
script for the YouTube video now it's
time to create a voiceover it is
important to create a voiceover from the
script before developing the visuals
therefore I will search for a suitable
AI voice for this video in my search I
came across 11 Labs a new AI voice over
tool that is still under development 11
Labs has AI voice over profiles that
sound very human-like however there are
only a limited number of AI voices
available nonetheless they are suitable
for creating any type of YouTube video
to begin I created a new project account
browse through a couple of voice over
avatars and found a suitable profile
since I have a free account I am limited
to creating a voiceover that does not
exceed 10 000 characters every month the
next step is to paste my YouTube video
script into the AI text to speech
converter after waiting for a few
seconds the AI generated voiceover is
ready here is a preview of what the AI
voice sounds like today we're talking
about one of the biggest Environmental
issues we face today plastic pollution
did you know that plastic garbage is
destroying many creatures natural
habitats damaging marine life and
polluting our oceans and waterways what
if I told you that technology in
particular artificial intelligence AI
May assist us in solving this problem it
is a problem that needs to be tackled
researchers are developing cutting-edge
tools and methods that make use of
artificial intelligence to study
comprehend and Safeguard our oceans from
plastic waste we can use artificial
intelligence AI to identify the
different types locations and quantities
of plastic debris in the ocean and plan
cleanup efforts without endangering
marine life but one of the biggest
challenges in cleaning up our oceans is
tracking Marine litter that's where AI
drones come in flying drones take photos
of the examined area and machine
learning algorithms analyze these images
to detect possible locations of plastic
I believe that this voice will be
perfect for the job since it sounds
almost identical to a real human voice
therefore I will proceed to download the
audio file to my computer now it is time
to start building the video which is
where the major work lies to edit this
video I will return to the script and
look through the sentences this will
give me an idea of the suitable visuals
that would match each sentence here is
the flex clip video editing website when
you log into your Flex clip account you
can start creating from any of the
numerous templates on the website
alternatively you can start creating
your content from scratch which is what
I am going to do for this video I would
select start from scratch and then pick
a video orientation profile which will
be the YouTube landscape or 16x9 aspect
ratio the very first thing I am going to
do is import my AI generated audio file
this voiceover will serve as the
background on which I will build my
visuals in any other text Graphics from
here I'm going to start adding suitable
visual Clips such as stock videos and
pictures that match what is being said
in the audio voiceover to add a stock
video or clip all I have to do is go up
to the search bar on the left hand side
and type in a search term for the type
of stock video I want to add then I can
drag and drop the clip into the timeline
and trim down the footage to match the
sentence or phrase in the audio I'm
going to speed up this video editing
process I won't be saying anything
throughout this process I just want you
to see how it was done on the flex clip
video editor
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
the editing process went quite smoothly
in case you missed it here's a recap I
first imported the audio voice over then
searched for Relevant stock video clips
made sure they matched the voice over
and added them to the timeline I then
trimmed down the footage where necessary
to match the audio finally I added some
transitions between the clips as well as
text and Graphics effects to improve the
overall quality at this point the video
project is partially complete except for
a suitable background music I'll preview
the video without background music so
you can see how it looks
today we're talking about one of the
biggest environmental issues we face
today plastic pollution did you know
that plastic garbage is destroying many
creatures natural habitats damaging
marine life and complete the video I
uploaded a background music file from my
computer I dragged and dropped the audio
file into the timeline and reduced its
volume to prevent it from drowning out
the voice over here is the final preview
of the video
today we're talking about one of the
biggest environmental issues we face
today plastic pollution did you know
that plastic garbage is destroying many
creatures natural habitats damaging
marine life and polluting our oceans and
waterways what if I told you that
technology in particular artificial
intelligence AI May assist us in solving
this problem it is a problem that needs
to be taxed a short video clip is
finished I am going to export the video
in 1080P resolution and this is the
final result today we're talking about
one of the biggest environmental issues
we face today plastic pollution did you
know that plastic garbage is destroying
many creatures natural habitats damaging
marine life what if I told you that
technology in particular artificial
intelligence AI May assist us in solving
this problem it is a problem that needs
to be tackled researchers are developing
cutting-edge tools and methods that make
use of artificial intelligence to study
comprehend and Safeguard our oceans from
plastic waste the we can use artificial
intelligence AI you have watched the
video until this moment please include
this specific phrase in your comment in
the comments section below Flex clip is
giving away five Premium Accounts to
viewers who are subscribed to this
channel to participate ensure that you
are subscribed to the channel give this
video a like and leave a comment below
with the specific phrase that is shown
on the screen right now by the second
day of April I'm going to be selecting
five winners that would be announced in
the comments section of this video and
also on the community post so that's
basically how you can create
professional YouTube content for a
faceless YouTube channel using AI
content creation tools like chat GPT and
the flex clip online video editor
manually editing YouTube videos with
flex clip online video editor is really
not difficult it's a task that can be
done by anyone at any experience level
the video that just appeared on the
screen shows you how to create faceless
YouTube content with AI tools and also
monetize it on YouTube I highly
recommend recommend that you watch the
video thanks for watching and I hope to
see you in the next one
YouTube has recently been demonetizing
more and more AI text-to-speech videos
and channels as well as non-ai generated
video content and it's not what you
think it is not against YouTube's
Community guidelines and content
creation policy to use AI text to speech
in your YouTube videos however there can
be some problems with how you use the AI
voice over in your videos which might be
against YouTube's content creation
policies since all of the content on
this channel was created with AI voices
as you are well aware I am in a better
position to offer you some tips on how
to include AI voice over into your
videos I'll go through how to use AI
text to speech correctly in your YouTube
videos as well as give a few examples of
channels that are already making money
off of using AI voice over software
correctly before you start making your
YouTube videos with an AI voiceover take
into account these five points and if
you stick with me to the end I'll reveal
a bonus point and show you how to
determine even before you apply for
monetization whether your AI generated
video or channel has a good chance of
being accepted into the YouTube Partner
program number one make sure your
content is original and not stolen or
plagiarized having original content is
very important on YouTube it doesn't
matter if you're showing your face or
not even if your channel is all about
reacting to other people's videos or
making compilations from other people's
videos all over the Internet you need to
ensure that you have a greater
percentage of the video made up of your
original commentary and editing for AI
generated content it's actually harder
to convey human emotions hence you need
to be very careful if you create
faceless content with AI voice overs a
good example could be reaction videos
from Reading threads on Reddit or
Twitter you might still have a decent
chance of making money from YouTube if
you switch on the camera and record
yourself reading the threads on Reddit
and Twitter but if you use an AI
text-to-speech software to accomplish
the same thing your odds of being
monetized are significantly lower videos
with artificial intelligence text to
speech that that were created with a
robotic voice reading passages from
Reddit or core as well as image slide
shows with little to no editing are some
examples of text-to-speech videos that
will not be monetized on YouTube the
first and most important thing you need
to put in order about your video is that
the content is original and never
explicitly plagiarized from another
YouTube Creator once you've proven that
your video contains original content
you've ticked off one of the boxes as
the next step make sure your video has
good educational entertaining or
informational value the value you offer
in your videos is more significant than
whether you display your face or use an
AI voice over if you have watched videos
from channels like low budget stories
and similar channels that use AI text to
speech in their videos you will likely
agree that these channels produce
original content that is not being
copied from other internet creators and
that they contain a lot of original
entertainment or educational value right
now my channel is in the YouTube Partner
program if you check the videos on my
channel you'll notice that they all have
an AI voice over but the reason I'm able
to maintain my YouTube AdSense revenue
is because I always include some unique
instructive and informative content in
my contents in order to satisfy someone
who wants to gain something from
watching your videos it is crucial to
ensure that your content will genuinely
benefit certain YouTube users you're
also good to go if you can demonstrate
that your YouTube videos has some unique
educational entertaining or
informational value third is to make
sure the AI voice over you employed in
your videos is up to par if the AI voice
you have in your videos sounds extremely
bad even if you've proven the preceding
two points about your film you can still
be rejected from the YouTube Partner
program it's crucial that you use the
highest quality AI voice you can in your
videos additionally to improving
audience retention this gives your
videos more value and professionalism
you can find it challenging to join the
YouTube Partner program if your videos
AI or artificial voice sounds unsettling
grading or irritating to watch and also
Murphy Fai sponsored this part of the
video there are a ton of excellent AI
voice over avatars available on Murph AI
that you can use right away the best
thing is that you may use any of the AI
voices from the Murph AI Studio to
monetize your videos this is how a
voiceover is produced using Murph AI
Studios step one is to choose an AI
voice depending on your script and your
audience the first quick decision is to
choose the right voice for your audio
the library includes over 110 voices in
15 plus languages Step 2 is to enter the
voiceover script if you have your script
ready you could simply copy and paste it
into the text editor the editor also is
powered with an AI grammar assistant to
make your spelling and grammar check
seamless each text block has a limit of
1 000 characters adding special effects
is also easy you can add emphasis pauses
and edit pronunciations to specific
parts of the sentence and play it in
your text editor step 3 is to build the
audio once you are done editing your
script you can simply go to the build
audio button which will run render your
voice over instantly you can share or
download the audio you can always go
back and make more changes and render it
again until you are completely satisfied
with the audio what makes an AI voice
over software necessary though many
YouTube creators believe that hiring
independent voice actors would always be
the best choice if you don't have good
recording equipment or don't want to use
your voice however that is incorrect
during post-production you might
occasionally need to rework a few
phrases or go over your script numerous
times asking your freelancer to record
the script again due to a few
modifications will be stressful if
you've already received the initial
voice over from them as opposed to this
an AI voice software allows you to
quickly tweak the phrases and sentences
and press create to acquire the same
consistent and reliable voiceover in a
matter of minutes once you've selected a
good AI text to speech program like
Murph AI the next step is to ensure that
the video has enough high quality
editing your ability to retain and
engage viewers on YouTube largely
depends on how you edit your videos it's
crucial to employ good quality graphics
and to edit films created with an AI
voiceover correctly your audience will
be able to identify if you are trying to
cut Corners by producing low quality
content with little editing or mass
producing videos using video template
software if you look at the videos on my
channel you'll see that they have good
to average video editing quality which
helps to increase interaction and
genuinely demonstrate to viewers that a
real person rather than a group of
automated programs is in charge of the
channel this is my personal ranking of
what constitutes good and poor video
editing based on years of producing
faceless YouTube videos it is neither an
exhaustive list nor the norm on YouTube
you might want to take a screenshot of
this for future use the fifth point to
bear in mind is to use Extreme Caution
when creating content that is borderline
or controversial an AI voice over high
quality graphics and expert editing for
example can all be used to create high
quality documentary videos however the
issue may not be with the AI voice over
but rather with the topic or wording of
the video on YouTube there are AI video
crawlers that can identify the words
said in a video and Market is
potentially offensive if certain
subjects or claims are raised in
conclusion utilizing text-to-speech
software is not YouTube's issue it might
never be an issue because there are
excellent text-to-speech programs that
make it virtually impossible for anyone
to tell that the voice isn't a real
human voice on the other hand YouTube
has never made it clear that they will
demonetize a video for using AI text to
speech on its own you have a good
possibility of getting monetized as long
as you don't create any content that
contravenes the YouTube Community
guidelines in addition to some of the
things I've covered in this video here
is the bonus point if you've been
watching up until this point in addition
to being borderline and controversial
low quality content and careless video
creation are the main causes of several
YouTube channels and videos losing their
monetization and revenue in contrast to
videos where the creator has shown their
face and recorded their voice it is
quite easy to tell whether a video was
created using AI as the creator of a
faceless YouTube channel or video you
must put an extra effort for this reason
always be sure to compare your video to
those of other creators who have created
videos on the same subject and do your
best to view your video from the
perspective of the audience you have a
higher chance of getting into the
YouTube Partner program if you can state
with confidence that your video has very
good informational value or original
content that hasn't been plagiarized now
that you are aware of this watch the
following video to discover how to
produce content for any faceless YouTube
channel using only artificial
intelligence Technologies and software
I'll see you in the next video thanks
I use AI to generate these amazing
landing pages without doing anything
besides typing and some text prompts on
my computer without coding nor hiring a
graphics designer I'm going to show you
how to use AI to generate a basic but
completely functional fully designed
website with accompanying graphics and
details product description web sections
and a call to action you're also going
to learn how to use a free AI web
hosting tool with the free domain to
publish this landing page and make it
life on the internet to do this all
you'll need is a smartphone or a
computer with internet connection a
product to promote as an affiliate
marketer a copy and paste template which
I'll provide you in this video and zero
dollars I'm going to make a page in this
video and my page would literally be up
and running within a few minutes I'm
going to leave a link below to the
landing page I created in this video
tutorial so that you can verify that
it's real and see if you can draw some
inspiration let's get into the process
before you start creating your landing
page you must have have done some
research on the product you want to
promote and be sure that there's a good
market and demand for that product you
can sign up as an affiliate on any
website that could give you the best
deal and then create your account where
you'll be provided with special
affiliate links if you have your own
products or do Drop Shipping for some
products it's even better after doing
that you can now apply what I'll show
you in this video let's say I've got
some cooking equipment or kitchen items
to promote now the plan is to create a
high converting landing page to promote
those amazing utensils using my
affiliate links on a zero dollars budget
the very first thing is to head over to
Mid Journey sign up for beta or sign
into your account if you already have
one next is to hop into the mid Journey
server and start creating your art you
can enter any of the newbies chat rooms
you can see other people here creating
unique art with the Min Journey bot if
you scroll through these contents you'll
see several different text prompts
they've used to create my own website
art all I have to do is type slash
imagine I'll click on this Command right
here and then it gives me a box to
provide my text prompts this is what I'm
going to type beautiful modern website
for kitchen equipment and cooking
utensils Sleek website design UI ux UI
ux website with hero section dash dash
V4 dash dash stylize 500 I'll hit enter
and wait for the mid-journey AI to
generate the visuals as you can see
there are four variations generated I'm
going to open up the image in my browser
this is how the images are numbered from
the top left image this is one two three
and four I think that image is number
one and three are the best but I'm going
to upscale image number one if I don't
like any of these I could simply press
the regenerate button or I might
slightly alter the text prompt by
changing some keywords and creating a
new image clicking on U1 commands the
mid-journey AI to upscale image Number
One U2 means upscaling image number two
and so on clicking on V1 commands the
mid-journey AI to create variation
similar to image number one V2 means
creating variations similar to image
number two and so on I already like the
design of image number one and I'm going
to upscale it I'm going to copy the
original text prompt while I wait for
image 1 to be upscaled this is the
upscaled version I'm going to save it to
my computer to add greater details to
any upscaled version use the beta
upscale redo this option would add much
smaller details and improve the overall
quality of the image I'm going to summon
the AI bot once more and paste my text
into the Imagine text field I'm going to
slightly alter the text prompts and also
add some more information like some of
the colors I want to see on the website
design and I'll set the aspect ratio to
3x2 dash Dasha R 3 colon 2. this is just
my preference and it doesn't add
anything extra to the functionality of
the website any aspect ratio will be
just fine the text prompts I used in
this video are basic and skeletal you
can build up on this by adding other
descriptive keyword words and parameters
as you'd like here are four images that
the AI has generated I'm going to
upscale image number two I'll wait for
the AI to do its thing here's the
upscaled version now that I have the
upscaled version I'll just save the
image to my computer you're going to
notice that some of the images have text
that doesn't even make sense so I'm
going to clean up these texts and cut
out some parts of the image in Adobe
Photoshop to give room for my actual
text if you don't have Photoshop you can
use a free version of Photoshop which is
photo P these are the simple stages the
image had to undergo using my photo
editing software
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
I removed some elements and made some
customization I created room for the
text and landing page in case you have
some pictures of the actual product to
promote on the landing page it's going
to be better if you use a background
remover tool to cut out the image and
then use this AI generated image as the
background you could also blur it out a
little bit or customize as much as
possible now it's time to make the
landing page copy I'm going to head over
to chat with gpt3 I'll ask chat GPT to
write a landing page website copy for
the sales of high quality kitchen
equipment as you can see chat GPT has
generated a very good copy for the
website I'm going to ask the AI to
include some text for the hero section
product description and call to action
this is a reasonably good copy but
whenever you're going to do this on your
own website you can always
the output until you get the best
results I'm going to save this landing
page copy to my notepad I have my text
in the background image it's time to
create the actual landing page for this
I'm going to use a canva free account to
edit and host my website on canva.com
head over to the website section you're
going to see several templates it
doesn't matter which one you choose for
my website I'm just looking to create a
single page I can start from blank or
choose from any of the templates and
edit them into what I want next I'm
going to import my image you'll notice
that the free version of canva doesn't
allow you to resize your website to a
one by one aspect ratio the default
website aspect ratio for the free
account is 16x9 so I just place this
image at the center and look for a color
to fill the background if you're going
to try this out yourself while editing
the background image in your photo
editing software export the final image
you'll use to a 16x9 or 4x3 aspect ratio
I'm going to use the image I create it
is the background image I'm not a
website designer but I'll try to create
something out of this image first I'll
add a text box for the copy section and
other sections that are supposed to
appear on the product landing page I'll
head over to my Google Docs and copy the
text that's supposed to appear in the
section I'm also going to import the
images of the actual products and edit
the entire web page I've added my text
and arranged the pictures I'm also going
to add text on top of the buttons I made
the visit us button may not be so
necessary but I'm just showing you how
it could be done I'll add some text on
the buttons of the navigation section
and I'm partially done I'll fill up the
background to the left and right of the
background image I created another image
with the correct aspect ratio and I'm
going to replace it with this one right
here now it's time to add links to the
website if I want the buy now button to
link to my product and then someone
could buy I'll have to add a link to the
text to add a link to an object or text
select the text click on the three dots
and then you'll see some options appear
among these options is the option to add
a link simply select that option a text
box would appear and you'll paste the
affiliate link to the product or a
relevant link to whatever it is that has
to do with purchase or checkouts I
didn't sign up for any affiliate program
to promote any kitchen equipment but I'm
going to show you how to add your
affiliate links these are some ordinary
Amazon websites for some products on
Amazon this is just for illustration
purposes it's not an affiliate link and
it can't be tracked to my account I'm
just going to use this as an example to
show you that canva free websites do
work I'll copy this link and paste it
into the canva editor I'll also do the
same for the others every text that has
an external link would be underlined as
you can see just for fun I'm going to
add a YouTube icon and Link it to this
YouTube channel digital tuner whenever
anyone clicks on this icon it's going to
redirect them to my YouTube channel now
it's time to publish my site I don't
have a domain and so I'm going to use
the candle free domain to host the site
I'm going to click on publish and then
the page will go live and this is the
web address to my product landing page
I'm going to copy this web address paste
it into my web browser to see if it
works and Moment of Truth it works just
like any other website so let me try to
click on the links and you can see that
all the links are perfectly working
they're all redirecting to the hyperlink
even my YouTube channel link is working
fine I've created a simple website for
free just as an extra hint this long
tail web address looks unusual to make
it more attractive head over to bitly
freeurl shortener you can paste your
long and unusual link into this free
link shortener and you can create a
simple link that you can share on your
social media or wherever you want to
distribute your landing page that's
basically how you create a simple
website using mid-journey AI chat GPT
and canva for free I highly recommend
that you watch this video showing on
your screen this video right here shows
you how to create video content for your
YouTube channel within minutes using AI
tools like chat gpt3 AI text to speech
softwares and AI text to video
generators and web video editors like
Flex clip thanks for watching till the
end
[Music]
unless you don't want to monetize your
channel you should completely avoid
making any of the three types of YouTube
channels or videos I'll discuss in this
video I'm sure you've already seen some
videos that show you how they made a
faceless YouTube channel or video
content using just a few AI content
creation tools and some simple steps
these videos typically demonstrate how
to use AI script writing tools such as
chat gpt3 text to speech software text
to video generators AI video editors and
maybe some AI animation tools although
these tools are very powerful and the
methods they've shown can help you
create any type of video there is a very
important issue with creating such types
of faceless YouTube videos and that
issue is monetization I'll discuss three
types of faceless YouTube videos that
you shouldn't create using AI tools and
how to improve upon the AI content
creation techniques that you already
know so that you can produce quality
content that will get monetized on
YouTube the first type of faceless
YouTube video that you should not try to
create is any video that appears to to
be low effort content by low effort
content I mean generic content that is
obviously created through a Mindless
templated or mass production process
this doesn't refer to the video's
picture quality or the AI voice over
software used rather it refers to the
overall production process and also
taking into account the value that the
video provides to viewers this usually
includes image or scrolling text
slideshows with low quality or no audio
narration let me give you an example of
low effort content if you go to chatgpt
and ask gpt3 to give you a YouTube video
idea write a topic then write a YouTube
video script and then you copy and paste
the script into a text-to-speech
software and an AI text to video
generator and then upload and publish
the video on YouTube you may end up with
a channel filled with fluff or garbage
videos If you repeat this process for
many videos in the eyes of YouTube
you're really not creating valuable
content any video that YouTube considers
is low effort content may get to
monetize eventually the reason for this
is that such videos offer little to no
value to both viewers and advertisers
even if you manage to monetize such
videos they are very likely to get
demonetized on the second inspection how
can you avoid getting into such a
situation always make sure that you're
actively involved in every step of
production edit the script as much as
possible and observe the content from
the viewer's point of view at every
stage of production this will help you
guide the AI tools to produce really
good content that add as much value to
your videos as possible the second type
of YouTube video that you should avoid
making is content that appears to be
reused repetitive or common for instance
let's say I start a channel that makes
motivational quotes or videos by cutting
out clips from speeches made by popular
figures there's a high likelihood that
someone else is creating exactly the
same kind of content presented in a very
similar pattern as I do on my channel
because such content appears on two main
channels as anyone can copy quotes from
anywhere on the internet if I don't
switch things up a little bit by
presenting my content in a unique style
I may end up getting to monetize for
reused content another situation where
this could happen is when the videos on
my channel look very similar for example
if the videos are edited in the same
style and manner with the same length
visual content and overall production
this usually happens whenever there's a
software used to mass produce videos
with pre-made templates you need to Bear
it in mind that YouTube doesn't
appreciate a situation where the same
video or very similar content is
monetized multiple times on the same
channel or across different channels so
make sure to provide your audience with
fresh and engaging content that's
clearly different from every other video
on your channel this will not only help
you avoid the monetization but also
attract more viewers to your channel the
third type of faceless YouTube video
that you should completely avoid making
is compilation videos or videos that are
on loot examples of these types of
videos include rain videos nature sounds
White Noise back ground noise royalty
free music and meme compilations among
others these types of videos are usually
considered reused content by YouTube
they're very difficult to monetize as I
said earlier if a particular type of
video appears significantly across
multiple channels on YouTube without any
clear variation in the video contents
YouTube may only monetize a few of the
channels that created such content first
the channels that come later may not be
monetized this explains why some of the
big channels that make these types of
videos are several years old on YouTube
a quick search for these videos on
YouTube would reveal that the channels
that produce these contents are not
recently created to avoid the
monetization you need to create original
and engaging content that is not overly
repetitive if you're interested in
creating compilation videos or videos on
Loop try to put your own spin on them by
adding unique elements that make them
stand out from other similar videos on
YouTube this will increase your chances
of monetization and help you grow your
Channel's audience in conclusion it's
important to keep in mind that creating
faceless videos with AI just for the
sake of it or with the sole aim of going
viral and making money won't necessarily
lead to success on YouTube you may
struggle to get views or subscribers and
may be disappointed when your
application for the YouTube Partner
program is rejected so how can you act
actually create high quality
professional YouTube videos that can be
monetized on the platform check out the
video on your screen right now for a
step-by-step guide on creating quality
content for YouTube thanks for watching
I produced a film on an AI generated
story in October if you want to watch
the video right now you can head to the
channel so in today's video we'll
discuss how to create an AI generated
movie or more specifically how to make a
movie with only AI content generation
tools you must go through four separate
stages in order to do this the first
stage is to turn the stories concept for
idea into a comprehensive fictional work
it might also be referred to as making
the story script from the idea stage 2
is to narrate the story using an AI
voice and make it seem as cinematic as
possible stage 3 is finding AI text to
image generators we'll produce the
images for our AI generated story at
this stage we're going to produce unique
media and visuals that's never existed
before in stage 4 we'll create
background music and other appropriate
sounds that will go well with our movie
we will edit everything together in
Stage 5 which is the last stage this is
the stage of creating a film let's start
by going through all these stages for
stage 1 we are going to look for a
suitable AI script writer for this video
I have three on the list copy.ai
deepstory.ai and writer.me on copy.ai
you're going to create an account or
login if you already have an account
with the website scroll down until you
find the writing tools in the tools
section on the left side of the screen
the essay introduction tool is located
in the writing tools section you'll
require this to write your story's
introduction giving your story a title
is the first thing you should do however
it is not required the second thing you
need to do is provide a brief outline of
your story's main theme the AI would
produce the content in a certain tone
you choose therefore that is the third
thing you need to do I'm going to choose
adventurous tone for this script after
completing all of this click on generate
these storyline introductions were
produced by AI browse through them and
pick the ones that fit your plot the
best it doesn't need to be Flawless
because you can always work on the
grammar or fix certain mistakes I'll
just copy and paste the first one into
my Google docs for later editing other
content generation tools are also shown
in the toolbar and each one of them has
a particular function deep story is the
second AI tool on the list login give
your AI story a title and begin writing
compared to copy.ai this AI tool is a
little bit different to offer the AI
some guidance on the kind of story you
want it to create you need to include a
short anchor paragraph after pasting the
anchor paragraph select the generate
option in the top left corner of the
page the AI would continue to guess what
should occur after the final sentence
and append this paragraph the output of
the generator might not be accurate
therefore you will need to make edits as
you go along and then perform an audit
on the entire script once the storyline
has been generated the third AI tool is
writer.me visit the website and click on
start writing head over to the tools
panel on the top left hand side select
the use case and click the drop down
menu in the drop down menu search for
and select story plot input a brief
story idea select the tone in which the
AI would produce the results after
you're done with this step click on
write for me as you can see a fairly
good story has been generated by this AI
tool to append the story and continue
writing highlight the last paragraph or
the last two or three sentences and
click on continue writing the AI
generated story is not going to be
perfect to say the least but you can
always look through and edit the entire
story after you are done generating the
whole script for stage 2 we are going to
convert our scripts to an audio
narration using an AI text to speech
tool for this stage there is nothing
special except looking for the best AI
voice narrator you can find if you don't
know any good AI text to speech software
you can look through the previous videos
I made on this subject I'll also leave a
link down in the description so here is
my AI generated story which I have
edited and completely fixed to convert
this text into an audio narration I'm
going to use the Murph AI software to
make the voiceover to create a new
voiceover I have to make a new project
and go to the dashboard I'll look
through a few of the AI voices and
select the best sounding voice for a
story narration I'm going to paste in
the script and edit the sentences to
taste after editing everything I'll
click on generate audio here's what the
generated audio sounds like I was
perched on the Cliff's Edge looking up
over the lake
I chose a spot where midday and midnight
did not Clash if you are going to do the
same you can always go back and edit
your scripts and make some adjustments
until you are satisfied with the audio
generated by the AI tool stage 3 is to
generate visuals for the video and for
this stage I'm going to use an AI text
to image to call the night Cafe Studio
you may also use any other text to image
to you like an example could be
mid-journey or Starry AI for each of the
sentences on the story script I'm going
to type in a visual description that
will give me suitable pictures that
would fit into the story in other words
I'm going to generate the visuals for
the movie by using the text on my script
for the first sentence on my script I'll
type in my text prompts carefully a
female humanoid robot sitting on a cliff
Edge looking out over a lake other
prompts are just descriptive keywords to
help improve the generated output
quality of the image as you can see the
images of these four female humanoid
robots fit the description very well I'm
going to go with this image right here
I'm going to do the same aim for the
next sentence for this thing I want an
image of humanoid Warrior robots
fighting on something that looks like a
battlefield the scene will be a night
scene with cinematic lighting after all
that I'll adjust my settings and click
on generate this is the image I'll be
working with I'm going to do the same
for each and every sentence or phrase in
my essay until I get to the last
sentence this process will take a lot of
time depending on how long or
complicated the visuals in your story
needs to be to convey the message to a
viewing audience the simple takeaway
here is just to use AI to generate
visuals from a story using any software
we want stage 4 is to use AI to generate
the background music that's going to be
suitable for the movie The First AI
background music generator is beat oven
create an account and login create a new
music project choose composition genre
and Tempo select the suitable emotion
and then wait for the AI to compose your
track you can listen to the track in a
disc composition until you get what you
want as soon as you are satisfied with
the generated music you click to
download it for free sound raw is
exactly similar to beat oven and you can
also use it to generate a background
music in the same way Stage 5 is where
you are going to edit the whole thing
using any video editor that you know how
to use Here's the final result of my AI
generated story after passing through
the five stages of production tell me
what you think about this in the
comments section below and thanks for
watching government
Humanity had colonized other planets
evolved into extraterrestrial species
and was still colonizing new solar
regions
wherever the human race existed this
centralized government had control over
all colonies
they controlled everything that occurred
in the hundreds of thousands of colonies
that existed either directly or
indirectly
to the average person it appeared that
these Elites were making every effort to
maintain order and progress in the
Stellar system and ensure that no
colonies were harmed
in actuality though these Elites were
monitoring every colony
they had AI watch dogs that were alert
for colonies that were developing too
quickly and as a result becoming too
powerful and Beyond the authority of the
central Elite leadership
such settlements would be referred to as
Rouge civilizations and Dreadful War
would be started against them
even the most advanced artificial
intelligence systems have been created
to carry out direct orders from the
elites and would Aid in the destruction
of innocent civilizations
the cell was created and maintained by
the cell Corporation TCC
of all the systems this Central AI was
the most powerful
the elite seized enormous authority over
hundreds of millions of colonies around
the universe using this AI system
Jack was a TCC employee
he was a young intelligent engineer who
had
this movie was made by an AI if you want
to tell a story or generate a plot for a
short movie there are several AI movie
Producers you basically need three AI
software tools an AI story generator
example is deepstory.ai an AI image
generator example nightcafe.studio an AI
text to speech narrator example is Murph
Ai and finally an AI music generator
example is Ava put them all together and
you'll have made a movie
cloud storage services are an excellent
way to offload content from desktop and
mobile devices
allowing users to access files on the go
at a reasonable cost it can be difficult
to transfer files over the internet
you'll be limited to a file size of 25
megabytes if you try to send a file
attachment via google mail you're also
limited to 15 megabytes of storage on
google drive's free plan we'll look at
some alternative cloud storage platforms
in this video as well as the various
capabilities that each of them offers
[Music]
businesses can use filemail to deliver
large files because it is a
straightforward file transfer service
the service's most intriguing feature is
that it allows you to send files up to
five gigabytes in size for free on the
premium plans there is no file size
limit for sending files as a result
users can transfer files of any size to
their co-workers and clients it's a
secure file sharing service with
two-factor authentication and a virus
scanning process to ensure maximum
security the software comes with its own
custom-made file transfer protocol which
ensures fast and flawless file transfers
users can also track the status of sent
and receive files in real time with
filemail
[Music]
my airbridge is a fantastic concept for
personal usage and i can see it working
well for small businesses as well if
you're seeking for a simple solution to
transport large files or folders from
one location to another
my airbridge has a lot to offer with
myairbridge.com
you can send or share data swiftly
reliably and securely all across the
world individual transfers of up to 20
gigabytes are free of charge if you need
quicker transfer rates longer expiration
dates password protected transfers
shared team storage or to utilize the
app as a company file transfer protocol
the service also offers premium options
[Music]
coffeeshare allows you to share files
anonymously and quickly with no size
restrictions without a size limit share
files confidentially and securely
without ever keeping anything online you
may securely and quickly share your
files right from your device toffeeshare
is a safer and faster file sharing
alternative that ensures a straight path
from sender to receiver at all times one
of the more intriguing features of this
platform is that you can send files of
any size depending on the capacity of
your browser or device toffeeshare uses
the most up-to-date industry standard
data security procedures to protect the
integrity and privacy of your files
there is no intermediary or third-party
server because it employs peer-to-peer
connection all you have to do to use
this service is upload a file to your
browser and generate a file sharing link
send this link to the recipient and they
can download the file immediately from
your computer to their own devices as
soon as they open it in their own
browser the data is completely destroyed
after it has been shared and is no
longer visible on the internet as a
result all of your information is
completely safe
mega is a secure cloud storage service
that provides users with superior
end-to-end encryption and a generous
free plan with plenty of storage however
controversy has surrounded it throughout
its history and its zero-knowledge
encryption makes collaboration difficult
mega is still a safe cloud service and
it's one of the finest options for
anyone seeking for a lot of free storage
with a free account you'll get 20
gigabytes of cloud storage as a result
mega earns a spot on our list of the top
free cloud storage providers mega has a
generous free plan but its subscription
plans are quite expensive and it doesn't
actually provide enough cloud storage to
justify the cost there are undoubtedly
better options that provide
significantly more storage at a lower
price mega also saves prior versions of
any file you've uploaded ensuring that
it's protected from any cloud-based
updates versioning is enabled by default
and prior versions of files are shown by
a small clock icon next to them mega's
strong focus on privacy and security
unfortunately leaves little room for
collaborative alternatives it's
impossible to integrate with third-party
apps like google docs google drive is
still one of the greatest solutions if
you need to collaborate on cloud-based
files
[Music]
this is for you if you're looking for
the best data security at the lowest
price storage is a cloud storage
solution that is different from the rest
rather than sending your data to a
single server storage divides each
upload into 80 parts and distributes
them to storage locations throughout the
world this cloud storage service in my
opinion provides military grade data
encryption and storage on the free plan
you get an enticing 150 gigabytes of
free storage it's one of the few
encryption suites that uses a less
typical method of data protection and
it's one of the service's biggest
selling features in a mechanism known as
the centralized cloud storage storage
divides down encrypted content across
numerous nodes or dedicated storage
components
rather than keeping it entirely on a
single host if the security of your
files is a top priority storage should
be your first choice even the most
proficient hackers will have a difficult
time tracking down your data due to the
decentralized model they would never be
able to rebuild file even if they were
able to breach a single node since they
would require the other fragments to do
so this is one of the most difficult
encryptions currently accessible both
the web client and the command line
interface of storage support two-factor
authentication storage is one of the
most effective methods for preserving
your most valuable data whether it's
fundamental documents or media assets
from beginning to end
transfer pcloud is also currently one of
the greatest cloud storage companies it
provides a variety of cost-effective
storage solutions as well as a sizeable
amount of free cloud storage the e-cloud
also gives its consumers complete
privacy control pcloud is a cloud
storage solution that fulfills a number
of requirements it's reasonably priced
comes with a dedicated media player and
adds file encryption it can't compete
with google drive and onedrive in terms
of document production and collaboration
but it outperforms them in terms of
security zero knowledge encryption is
one feature that distinguishes pcloud
from some of the industry's biggest
names in today's world having complete
control over who has access to your
files is essential however there is a
catch with pcloud some of these advanced
capabilities need additional payment
other cloud storage providers worth
noting are sync.com onedrive
google drive and dropbox
by clicking the like button and
subscribing to this channel you can help
us create more content like this thank
you very much
you
offering transcription services using AI
tools can make you some reasonable
amount of money the script Ai veed and
rev would do some of the heavy lifting
for you transcription basically means
listening to the audio in a piece of
content and writing out whatever you
hear step one is to go in Fiverr and
post a gig step two is to get a client
step three is to take the file your
client sent you and uploaded to the
script AI V to rev they would analyze
and provide the transcript automatically
edit the transcript by adding
punctuations rewriting words and
correcting the spellings of sentences
read through the entire transcript to
correct any other mistakes step 5 is to
get paid by your clients
YouTube automation is a very popular
term and some YouTube content creators
claim to make millions of dollars very
easily by doing this however it's not as
easy as you may have been told it is
here's a more realistic picture before
you start any YouTube automation Channel
you are the channel manager of some
Channel you'll need to hire a keywords
or topic research expert a YouTube video
script writer a voice over artist a
YouTube video editor a thumbnail
designer an SEO ranking service of
course you're not going to get these
services for free you need enough money
enough time and enough patience or you
can just start creating content yourself
with AI tools just like I do
crazy free ai tools part two from
creating your own unique icons in svg
graphics or even logos to mind-blowing
editing tools that could save you hours
of masking clipping
and cutting we will explore some awesome
ai tools you need to know about
auto draw is a unique kind of ai drawing
tool it pairs machine learning with
drawings from talented artists to help
anyone create anything visual fast it's
absolutely free and you don't have to
download any software or plugin and it
works on any device a smartphone tablet
laptop desktop and so on if you need
some piece of art or you have an image
icon or logo idea in mind but you can't
seem to find it anywhere on the internet
you can doodle whatever you can imagine
onto this site the ai tool would try to
guess what you are trying to draw and
give you a better picture you can even
use this ai tool to paint and draw
amazing art when you've finished drawing
simply click on download and save the
picture to your computer this tool is
underrated autodraw's suggestion tool
uses the same technology used in quick
draw to guess what you're trying to draw
all thanks to dawn and philips from
google creative lab auto draw helps to
make drawing and creating a little more
accessible and fun for everyone
getting the perfect dimensions of any
picture for any social media platform is
not something that could be done in a
fly cropping each and every image by
hand can be tiresome but there's a tool
you can use to create the perfect image
for any social media platform pixel
hunter utilizes amazing upload care
intelligence api to recognize objects
and crop pictures automatically
in a smarter way if you upload your
image of any size or dimensions it will
be automatically resized to each and
every of the sizes supported on any
platform ai is available to ensure that
your image is resized in the best way
possible simply select the picture you
want to resize drag and drop or upload
it to this site and the sizes are
created automatically you can now select
the ones you want or download all of
them other than that pixel hunter also
features real professional tips on their
website which are there to actually help
you
and not just to fill up space
you've probably heard of on screen in
case you don't know on screen is a gif
and video background remover that's free
to use you don't need to worry much
about green screen footage you can
record videos and remove their
backgrounds without having to use
complex techniques and software besides
that on-screen helps you craft amazing
gifs through editing and sharing
features there's an upgrade to on-screen
it's called runwayml there are two
keywords to be given for runwayml they
are online and machine learning by
combining each of them the runwayml
application aims to provide users the
ultimate video editing experience by
eliminating the unnecessary time spent
on editing while also giving users
access to the application online the
runway ml is an excellent application to
use if you're into green screen editing
or if you want to optimize your video in
a matter of seconds it's the fastest way
to edit videos with an all-in-one video
editor all inside your browser for free
the green screen effects is an
incredibly fast tool to remove video
backgrounds in painting removes any
object in any video all with a simple
brush stroke the biggest advantage that
this tool offers is however the speed of
producing a video you can upload videos
and make huge edits in just a few
minutes which is simply not possible
with standard video editors with this
the app also removes the need to install
and store an app that would take up a
lot of space on the local device not to
mention that the updates would be
equally heavy and tedious the runway
mlai is something that has never been
attempted in video editing software
tools before at least
not on this scale
speaking of graphics deep image is
another ai tool that can be used for a
variety of things you can increase image
size remove artifacts and enhance
quality with deep image people love
picture with high quality and clarity
and image quality is one of the
important factors in the process of
online shopping this site claims to
increase quality of pictures to attract
the attention of your customers and stay
ahead of your competition deep image can
upscale any image to get sharp details
and increase image resolution of your
illustrations photos or posters to
achieve better printing results you can
also restore compressed image files from
your google photos all starting from 7
cents
subscribe for more videos and thanks for
watching
[Music]
in this video you're going to learn how
to turn any YouTube video that has
already been published on the internet
into your own unique YouTube video using
a copy and paste method which I will
show you using this method I was able to
turn one of all the abdall shorts
YouTube video into my own YouTube video
first step is to find the YouTube video
you want to copy for this step I went
over to Ollie's Channel scrolled over to
his shorts video section and found the
video I came across this particular
video in my shorts feed and would like
to create something similar to this
video the next step is to download this
video and for this step you can use any
video downloader tool but I found a free
online video downloader that would let
me copy and paste the link into the
website and download the video file for
free it took only a few seconds for me
to get this video the next step is to
upload this video file to the script to
download and install the descript
software for your PC you need to go over
to their website and download the
appropriate file type for your PC sign
up with an email address set up an
account and you'll be able to create a
new project I've already created a new
project in the script all I have to do
is drag and drop the video file into
this project as you can see it would
take some time to upload and analyze
this file now that the file upload is
complete I'm going to generate a
transcript from the video I'll click on
the drop down menu and select video
transcript you can use any method to get
the YouTube video transcript but for me
using the script is the best the reason
is that the script would automatically
detect an ad punctuation marks full
stops paragraphs and also capitalize
important words it can also generate
very accurate transcripts even if
there's a background music in the video
or audio if I play back this video I see
no errors in the transcript
this is the Goldilocks Rule and it can
help you be more successful in work and
in life so Goldilocks and the Three
Bears is obviously this famous
children's story about a girl who sneaks
into the house of a family of bears and
each time Goldilocks tests I can then
copy and paste this transcript into a
text editor for the next step
alternatively you can use the share
button to export the generated text in a
variety of documents formats I have a
special link in this video description
below in case you want to sign up for
the script now that the transcript is
ready I'm going to head over to chatgpt
this is the transcript I'm going to
paste it into chat GPT by default it's
going to rewrite this text into a
different format
so I'm going to ask chat GPT to generate
a different article similar in style to
the original transcript I have provided
but on a different topic that is not
about the Goldilocks rule this was the
first output the Pareto Principle
I also asked for two more passages in
the same style but on different topics
or concepts this was how I was able to
generate three separate video scripts
from the original transcript I opened up
a new Google Docs project where I copied
the generated output as the next step I
would need to test this generated output
for plagiarism and AI detection score
for this test I'm going to head over to
originality AI I copied the first script
to the website to be scanned the result
was not looking good even though it was
free of plagiarism it also showed a 99
AI detection score and one percent
human-generated content so the next step
is to fix this to rewrite this article
I'm going to use quill bot I'll head
over to the quilbon AI website copy and
paste the text into the text box quill
bot's free plan allows you to only
paraphrase 125 words at once I don't
have a Pro Plan that's the reason why I
got this notice in some parts of the
text are grayed out so I'm going to cut
off some part of this text to fit within
125 words
as soon as I click paraphrase the AI
tool automatically rewrites the text and
gives me an output that's similar to the
original but written in a different tone
if I don't like the output all I have to
do is click on rephrase I'm going to
copy this new output to the Google
document and give it a different color
code I'll repeat this process for the
rest of the scripts generated by chat
GPT when I'm done with paraphrasing each
text I'll place it under the original
and color code it I'm going to test this
script Again by running it through the
AI scanner
as you can see the results have flipped
it now shows 99 human and one percent AI
this is safe and we can proceed to The
Next Step which is making the video for
our content to generate the visuals or
video editing I'm going to use picture
AI I'll head over to pick 3ai and choose
the script to video option I'm going to
paste the script and select a suitable
template for the project the AI would do
its thing and take me over to the video
editing interface as you can see pick
3ai has split up the entire script into
sentences each sentence has a seam as
you can see almost all the scenes are
blank I'm going to add appropriate
visuals to each scene so that I can
create the final video
foreign
a couple of keywords appears in the left
hand panel I can search for appropriate
stock footage using these keywords or I
can just search for something entirely
different by using the search bar above
whenever I find a suitable stock footage
I'll just click on it to add it to the
preview I can go over to the editor
preview to adjust the size or position
of the stock footage I'm going to do
this for all the scenes until I get to
the last scene
thank you foreign
this is the final edit to the visuals
and partially done with this step the
video is not yet complete as it needs a
good voice over the next thing to do is
to find a suitable voiceover for The
Script and for this step I'm going to
head back to descript AI I'm going to
launch the script and while it's loading
I'll head over to the Google Docs and
copy the text in the script I'll create
a new classic project and give it a
title I would copy and paste the script
into the project to generate the
voiceover I click on speaker go over to
select stock voices and here's a list of
8 high quality voice over avatars I'll
quickly preview them so that you can get
an idea of what they sound like life is
like a camera life is like a camera just
life is like a camera just focus on
what's important life is like a camera
just focus on what's important life is
like a camera just focus on what's
important capture the good life is like
a camera just focus on what's important
life is like a camera just focus on
what's important life is like a camera
just focus on what's important life is
like a camera just focus I'd select
Malcom I think Malcom sounds best for
what I want to make as soon as I've
selected a voice over Avatar the audio
would begin to generate after a few
seconds to a few minutes I would have my
audio file waiting time depends on how
long the text is I'm going to preview
this audio by giving it a playback the
Pareto Principle commonly known as the
80 20 rule is a principle that can help
you be more productive and effective in
your daily life the theory was
established by Italian economist
Wilfredo perrito who noted that 20 of
the people in Italy possessed 80 percent
of the country's wealth it sounds good
if you noticed any errors you can edit
the text just like you added any text
document to export this file I'm going
to click on the share button select the
export option and there's a bunch of
audio file formats for this file export
I'll select either the wave or MP3 file
formats the audio will be exported and
I'll get this notification
the file has been saved to my computer
I'll head back to pick 3ai now I'm going
to select the audio option I'll choose
upload voiceover I'm going to drag and
drop the voiceover file into my project
now that the file upload is complete the
next step is to synchronize the audio
file with the video file and pick 3 can
automatically do this click to add the
voiceover to the entire project I'll
give the AI some time to analyze and
synchronize the audio to the video Let's
preview the video productive and
effective in your daily life the theory
was established by Italian economist
Wilfredo perrito who noted that 20 of
the people in Italy possessed 80 percent
of the country's wealth the Pareto
Principle which claims that 80 of
outcomes result from 20 percent of
causes was derived from this discovery
in actuality this means that in the
majority of circumstances twenty percent
of the inputs produce 80 next is to add
a background music to the video I'm
going to browse through the stock music
section to look for a good background
music in case you can't find any music
you like you can also upload your own
music the same way I uploaded the voice
over I'm going to reduce the volume of
the background music to prevent it from
drowning out the actual voice over
Here's the final preview principle that
can help you be more productive and
effective in your daily life the theory
was established by Italian economist
wilfrido perrito who noted that 20 of
the people in Italy possessed 80 percent
of the country so I'm going to do some
minor edits and add finishing touches to
export the video select the export
option at the top right click export as
video and give the AI some time to do
its job this method I've shown in this
tutorial video can be modified into any
creative form depending on what you want
to do and the type of content you want
to create so please try to explore and
be creative with this process you can
even use this procedure to write entire
video scripts by building off someone
else's style when the video export is
complete you can simply click to
download your video this is the final
video numerous aspects of life including
employment interpersonal relationships
personal growth might benefit from the
Pareto Principle for instance
concentrating on the 20 of tests that
provide 80 percent of the results at
work might increase your productivity
and efficiency similar to this
concentrating on the 20 percent of
behaviors that result in Eighty percent
of the happiness and pleasure in
relationships can Aid in the development
of deeper and more meaningful
connections it's crucial to remember
that the precise ratios might not always
be 80 20 and it's up to you to strike
the correct balance it may occasionally
be 90 10 or 70 30 prioritizing the
inputs with the greatest info the video
that appeared on the screen shows you
how to monetize AI generated videos on
YouTube the right way I highly recommend
that you watch the video right away
thanks for watching
AI art generators keep getting better
and better at their jobs if you want to
create amazing artworks just like these
for absolutely free of charge here are
three completely free websites
accessible to anyone around the world
Nike Cafe lets you create any image
starting with any of the four methods
provided stable diffusion which is the
most advanced clip guided diffusion VQ
Gan and style transfer method simply
click create and start with a method
provide a set of text prompts and adjust
parameters click on Create and the AI
would do its job on night Cafe you can
evolve some of your Creations or
creations made by other users in
addition to this you get five credits
daily
this image of the canine robot has a
poor quality if I run it via this photo
enhancer software that exact image is
the end outcome but with much better
quality here is the AI photo enhancer
from ABC Labs the software is already
set up and installed I only need to drag
and drop the image file into this window
or click on browse to begin editing any
picture let me import these three
pictures now as you can see all of these
pictures have a poor resolution less
than 720p and none of them exceed 100
kilobytes in size you'll find a list of
features in the upper portion of this
right panel here is where you will
decide what you want to do with the
pictures there are several AI tools
available including an ai upscaler ai
denoiser ai color calibration tool AI
background removal and AI black and
white photo colorizer you can choose the
scaling factor in the output parameters
up to a maximum of 400 percent the final
image type can be selected using the
output image format wherever you decide
to save the result file L is in the save
directory I'm going to choose Ai
upscaler and increase the output size
for these photographs to a maximum of
400 percent I would check the box for
facial enhancement if the image had a
human face I won't check it because
there isn't a face in any of the three
pictures I'll click save all after I'm
done setting everything up I gave the AI
the photographs to process all three
images were processed in about 50
seconds you can see a preview of the
image once the model has been applied to
it by clicking the eye symbol at the top
as you can see the image has some truly
fantastic features added here are the
images both before and after using this
AI program to upscale them really it did
a good job
the face refinement feature also
performs admirably with these two
pictures I'll show you what I mean
depending on how much is going on in the
picture face refinement does take some
time but is very effective these two
images took about four minutes to upsize
and refine the outcomes are shown here
Additionally the AI colorizer tool
performs an excellent job at identifying
and interpreting the subject colors in
an all-white and black image these two
images will be colored I'll choose the
AI colorizer make some adjustments set
the output size to a factor of three and
then click the save all button for both
photographs this colorization process
was finished in around 21 seconds I
could get a preview of these images by
selecting the eye icon up top here are
the final results following the changes
images can easily have their backgrounds
removed simply import the pictures go to
the AI background remover choose your
preferred output settings and then press
the save all button only the subjects
remain once the background has been
eliminated the pictures are being
previewed here you are free to choose
another background for those photographs
in its place
UI for the ABC Labs video enhancer AI is
equally uncluttered and straightforward
simply browse or drag the video file
into the desired location to begin
editing this video file here is of poor
quality there are just two options in
this feature list Ai upscaler and a face
blur brightness saturation and contrast
adjustments are available in the video
settings the cropping tool is an
additional option if you are using video
files from a Blu-ray or TV select the
interlacing Box the output options
support resolutions of up to 4K and 8K
the video output type and saving
directory can also be changed use the
blue pointer to Mark any area of the
file below the video preview if you
don't want to upscale the entire video
Simply move the cursor to the start and
end points and use the brackets to
indicate the start and end times
respectively to reset the selections use
the rounded Arrow this video will be
upscaled to 4K resolution which will
take some time I'll make a few
modifications and settings then all I
have to do is Click start processing
I'll skip over it and show you the
outcomes
it's really simple to denoise videos I'm
going to upscale and Denice this brief
footage because it's grainy I'll click
on start processing after configuring
and changing all relevant parameters the
AI is capable of some excellent image
cleanup as you can see it is much
crisper and sharper in the image on the
right the end outcome both before and
after is shown here
you might need this program if you
create content or work as a graphic
designer thanks for your time post any
comments or feedback you may have the
sponsors of this video will receive all
feedback thanks for watching
here is a list of 8 ai tools and free
websites that would be useful to you
whether you are a business owner content
creator manager or even a student the
tools and resources on these websites
are suitable for practically any content
creation workflow presentation or
commercial activity the best part is
that you can use each of these websites
for both personal and business purposes
absolutely free of charge the video
description below includes links to all
of the tools and resources i'll discuss
in the video
hument is the first website is ai
capable of assisting you in making color
decisions for your platform brand or
company absolutely for your brand
website or visual needs humid creates
original color schemes using ai and
machine learning hument creates colors
for your finished design knowing which
colors are well suited for the
foreground background and accents is
also helpful the majority of online
color generators only produce a flat
palette of five colors leaving you to
decide how best to use the colors this
website also gives you a preview of how
the colors would look if used to create
product mockups websites graphics
posters and business cards among other
things simply choose a design template
and click create in the top right corner
to get started when you locate a color
you want to keep lock it by clicking the
circular swatch at the top you can copy
the link to the color scheme and share
it with your team developer or designer
once you've chosen the final colors for
your brand
the second website is story set on this
website you can make use of fantastic
free illustrations that are fully
customizable for any presentation or
project you can create amazing landing
pages apps or presentations by
customizing animating and downloading
these free drawings you can change
between showing and hiding layers of the
image when you visit the website choose
an illustration and edit it however
suits you best the control can be found
in the top right corner to alter the
color of the drawings choose a color by
clicking on it using the color picker or
by entering your own rgb or hex values
that correspond to the colors of your
brand you may use the illustrations on
this website for both personal and
commercial uses but you must credit the
image creators when using the resources
as a free user you must always give
credit to the author the appropriate
attribution line will be given to you as
soon as you click to download which you
may copy and paste into your project
consult the credit guide for further
details get a premium license from flat
icon and make use of infinite resources
if you'd prefer not to attribute
removal dot ai is the next item on the
list an ai powered background removal
tool called removal.ai isolates and
separates the foreground and background
pixels of an image this quick and simple
software quickly recognizes backgrounds
and makes it simple for users to easily
create transparent ones for their
photographs removal ai is able to
provide its consumers with fully
editable photos users can quickly and
easily generate translucent white or
custom backgrounds for photographs with
the instant backdrop removal facility in
real time the platform's fully automated
procedures can recognize subjects in
photographs and produce tidy cutouts the
ai website is quite reliable and
superior to the majority of background
removers i've used my video thumbnails
include some faces created using removal
ai
capwing mobile mockup using this free
website is one of the simplest ways to
make a stunning smartphone mock-up for
free without the need for any other
software simply choose and upload a
screenshot from your computer or phone
to use this website the best images to
use are vertical orientation however
since you may trim or stretch any image
size to fit the mock-up you can still
use any image size at all with the color
wheel or hex code you can choose the
exact color for the backdrop and photo
frame when you're happy with the
mock-up's appearance and feel either
click the download button or use the
right click to save the image this
mock-up maker will undoubtedly come in
handy sometime
continuing the discussion of mock-up
designs shot snap is a rather reasonable
upgrade to the previous device mock-up
generator you can make stunning mock-ups
for no cost just as you would with the
capwing mobile mock-up you are not only
limited to mobile mock-ups you can make
mock-ups of televisions personal
computers tablets and even wearables
however you must subscribe to a paid
subscription if you want to use this
website's other features and
personalization options
next is thumbs-up.tv you'll find this
tool to be extremely useful if you
create content you can use this website
to see how your youtube videos title and
thumbnail might appear on various
devices and in various formats just
enter the video's title and upload the
thumbnail you have created you can now
check how your youtube video would look
on various devices on the youtube
homepage
regarding thumbnails i simply wanted to
provide this helpful website on the list
thumbnail.world is a website with a free
thumbnail design course that aims to
help you level up your thumbnail design
although there is a 100
thumbnail guide i believe the free
thumbnail guide is sufficient to help
you create high quality thumbnails you
can obtain this free guide from gumroad
after clicking on the link for the free
ebook guide j alto created this free
ebook instruction manual if you use
instagram you might want to follow his
account to acquire some useful
information if you create content here
on youtube do well to visit this website
if you are unfamiliar with it
the last website on this list is screely
this website allows you to create
stunning backdrops for your screenshots
and photographs screeli transforms your
screenshot or design into a lovely image
that you can share everywhere in an
instant you can instantly create a
stunning website mock-up from your
screenshot you can alter the backdrop
mock-up window and other elements here
is a screenshot of the home page for my
youtube channel when i load it into
screely i can use the editing tools to
modify the backdrop color frame and
padding to get a pretty effective visual
mock-up for aesthetic purposes the
website would include a fake window
shadows and a background there is no
need for photoshop or sketch templates
thanks for watching if you found this
video helpful let me know in the
comments what video i should do next
starting a podcast Channel on YouTube or
any other hosting platform is easier
than creating long-form YouTube content
a podcast is an audio only form of
content that is meant to teach educate
or entertain listeners in this video I'm
going to briefly demonstrate to you how
to create an entire podcast using a few
AI tools only the podcast you create
using this method can also be monetized
if you're going to host it on YouTube or
any other platform this is the five-step
process to creating the podcast step one
is to decide on a topic step two is to
research the topic and write a script
step 3 is to record the voice over using
our voice or to generate an audio voice
over with some good AI voice over
software we would also edit the audio
voice over using free AI tools step 4 is
to use AI video generation to convert
the audio into simple visuals if we are
going to host it on YouTube step 5 is to
upload and host the podcast
just like any other content creation
process you need to begin with a topic
or an idea what's your podcast going to
be about who is your target audience
what's the theme of your podcast if you
are able to answer these three questions
then we can move on to the next item
which is to come up with a topic and do
some research to come up with a theme
and conduct some research you can draw
on your experience the next step is to
create a list of ideas and begin the
podcast producing process once you have
selected a suitable topic that interests
you so for this video tutorial I'm going
to make a podcast on the topic the
impact of the internet on the
environment now that I have my topic
it's time to research and write the
script I'm not going to rush writing the
script for my podcasts it will take some
time since I need to conduct sufficient
research to ensure that I give my
audience the most current and useful
information to compose my podcast script
I can use AI writing tools like chat GPT
copy.ai write Sonic and others you can
see that I'm now using chat GPT to help
me write the podcast script you must
remember that you won't copy and paste
the results that this AI tool generated
you will revise the entire script and
add commentary as appropriate so that a
human touch may be added as I conduct
research about my subject I will copy
the chat GPT output to my Google docs
for additional editing I'm going to read
through the full script to make sure
there are no problems or errors after
chat GPT has finished creating the
content the next step is to record an
audio or voice over for the podcast any
of the three methods can be used to
create a voiceover if you have good
recording equipment or a microphone you
can record a voiceover by yourself
number two is to hire a freelancer to
make the voiceover for you if you have
some money the third method is to use a
very good AI software to create a text
to speech audio if you're going to use
text to speech it will be important that
you let the audience know that is not a
real human voice I'm going to use the
third option for this video tutorial
which is to use AI text-to-speech tools
to transform the text to audio there are
many text-to-speech programs available
but for the purposes of this lesson I'm
going to use Murph AI Studios I'm going
to start a new project on Murphy Eye
Studios give it a name and choose the
use case of podcasts the following step
is to choose an appropriate AI voice
Avatar that will complement the subject
matter or the script that I have created
I'll paste the text and make any
necessary Corrections I'm going to play
back each sentence to make sure it was
said correctly after that I'll build the
entire audio and then export the audio
file
alternatively I could use the
text-to-speech converter on vid.io to
make my podcasts to use this
text-to-speech tool I'm going to log
into my veed account create a new
project and come over to the dashboard
I'll navigate to the audio section and
locate the text-to-speech tool I'm going
to paste in the text select a suitable
voice and hit enter to generate the
voiceover I'll add this voice over to my
timeline you can hear what one of the AI
voice avatars from bead sounds like the
internet is running out of water
I can bet that when I say the word
internet the very first thing that comes
to your mind is a wireless connection
between a vast number of mobile devices
compute now that I have my voiceover
ready I can do just one more thing and
that is to create some visuals for it if
I'm going to upload this podcast to
YouTube I'm definitely going to make my
audio podcast into a video by adding
some visuals to it I already have a
thumbnail art for this podcast so all I
will do is to upload this podcast art
and resize the art to fill up the screen
in a 16x9 aspect ratio next is to add
some graphics I'm going to navigate to
the graphics and select the audio
spectrometer this is going to produce a
visual waveform from the audio the rest
is to do some minor edits to the
spectrometer and find the best placement
color or type of visual Graphics that
will be the most suitable for whatever I
want to do it's up to you to choose
whatever style suits you best after
customizing the video I'm going to go
ahead and Export it I'll download as MP4
4 file and upload it to YouTube this is
the final result of the podcast which I
have added I can bet that when I say the
word internet the very first thing that
comes to your mind is a wireless
connection between a vast number of
mobile devices computers and servers
which are
the next thing is to head over to my
YouTube channel and upload the video
customize settings and click on publish
if you don't want to create visuals for
the podcast just like I've done there's
a website called podcastle.ai on this
website you can create edit cleanup host
and do literally anything that's related
to audio and voice over for podcasts
dream Cloud Channel made a very good
video on how to use this website and I'm
going to link to his video in the
description below in case you want to
learn more about how to use podcasts
that's basically how you create a
podcast using AI tools so if you want to
create faceless channels using only AI
tools I'm going to recommend the video
showing on the screen right now thanks
for watching and I will see you in the
next video
YouTube takes the overall content of any
video into account when deciding whether
to monetize or demonetize them
nonetheless if a video contains
copyrighted content it may be
demonetized without taking this into
account but will you get demonetized for
using AI text-to-speech softwares in
your video content it is important to
understand whether using AI text to
speech software in videos may affect the
monetization status of a faceless
YouTube channel I'm hoping that by the
end of the video you'll have a fair
understanding of how AI text-to-speech
influences the monetization status for
your faceless channel in this discussion
we will focus on YouTube's monetization
policies as they relate to faceless
YouTube channels specifically we will
examine the section titled What's not
allowed to monetize which includes the
following phrases content that
exclusively features readings of other
materials you did not originally create
like text from websites or news feeds
take note of the word exclusively songs
modified to change the picture speed but
are otherwise I'd identical to the
original similar repetitive content or
mindless content with low educational
value commentary or narrative templated
mass produced or programmatically
generated content image slideshows are
scrolling text with minimal or no
narrative commentary or educational
value YouTube also makes mention of
repetitious content and reuse content as
well as stating that the list is not
exhaustive will your AI text to speech
Channel and videos be demonetized by
YouTube the answer is yes YouTube will
demonetize your AI text to speech
Channel or videos if your content Falls
partially or completely into any of
these categories in addition to having
poor production quality let's try to
resolve the argument in this brief video
some YouTube content producers who used
artificial intelligence tools to create
voice-overs for their videos had their
videos demonetized for repetitive
content plagiarism and generic video
content that was obvious to be generated
by AI they might only point the finger
the AI voice over not taking into
account or being conscious of the other
problems with their content here are
some reasons why YouTube would
demonetize some forms of AI generated
content the first phrase content that
exclusively features readings of other
materials you did not originally create
like text from websites or news feeds
you've probably seen some videos where a
robotic voice reads out some text from
websites like Reddit quora Discord or
even news articles sometimes these
videos have unrelated visuals like
gameplay or movie clips with little or
no background music you might have also
seen some mean compilations with a
robotic voice over all of these videos
fall under a category of content that
exclusively features readings of other
materials that you did not create
unfortunately YouTube May hardly
monetize these types of videos so if
your content looks similar to them you
may have a hard time getting into the
YouTube Partner program content that
features a voiceover to read from a
script produced by AI content writers
can also fall under this category the
reason for this is the significant risk
associated with using AI text generation
tools one of the major issues with these
AI tools is that they are capable of
plagiarizing content that has been
published on other websites this is
because they often scrape the internet
and compile information that is relevant
to the topic at hand even the best AI
text generators still rely on
information scraped from the internet
however they attempt to modify the
content by paraphrasing certain words
and making changes to the vocabulary
used despite this the content produced
by AI text generators still tends to
contain some degree of plagiarism as
such it can be difficult to publish such
content without being detected by Google
and YouTube content detection systems
the second phrase songs modified to
change the pitch or speed but are
otherwise identical to the original this
second sentence which already makes
clear what it refers to describes songs
that have had their pitch or Tempo
changed but otherwise resemble the
original cop copyright laws apply to
these alterations and there have been
occasions where a song remix channel was
demonetized for copyright infringement
it's possible to argue that transforming
a song into a different form or genre
adds value to the original work but it's
still unclear to me why some channels
are permitted to monetize remixes but
others are not permitted to upload
original songs that have been remixed
and monetize them if you create content
similar to those that fall into this
category you may be risking your channel
monetization status if you want to apply
for them or remain in the YouTube
Partner program the third phrase similar
repetitive content or mindless content
with low educational value commentary or
narrative video content that includes
blogs entertainment gaming compilations
nature sounds and relaxing sound
compilations that run for several hours
all fall under this category also if you
upload a bunch of videos and they're the
same type of content with very little
difference from each other there's a
very good chance that you're going to be
caught and all also demonetized
Additionally you may have stumbled upon
YouTube channels that produce generic
content on a specific topic which may
have left you feeling regretful about
wasting your time on their content it is
important for faceless YouTube channel
creators to be aware that YouTube has a
wealth of data points to track the
audience's engagement with any piece of
content on their platform they can also
monitor a viewer's satisfaction and
dissatisfaction with a particular video
if the content of your YouTube videos
lack substance and value it is highly
likely that you will not receive any
revenue from the platform YouTube
generally determines this based on the
benefit that viewers can derive from
your content if your videos do not
provide any meaningful value to your
audience it may be pointless to keep
them on YouTube or attempt to monetize
them another form of YouTube content
that fits this description includes
channels that compile royalty-free
background music for studying or working
as well as rain videos featuring White
Noise nature sounds or other soundscapes
along with repeating visuals these types
of channels are very difficult to
monetize and even if they're eventually
monetized they also have a huge risk of
being demonetized after some weeks or
months however if your videos feature
background music alongside guiding text
and Graphics that enable viewers to
understand the content being presented
you may have a better chance of earning
Revenue through monetization for example
a tutorial video that features no
voiceover but includes helpful overlays
such as arrows Zoom pan and scale the
fourth phrase templated mass produced or
programmatically generated content I
want you to really understand what this
particular phrase implies there are
various software tools available that
allow individuals to generate visual
content by simply inputting text prompts
this category includes AI voice over
software and video creation tools among
others nevertheless it is important to
note that if you use these tools to
assist in conveying information through
your content and not as the main content
YouTube May monetize your video on the
other hand if your video content appears
to have been entirely produced by an AI
software with minimal involvement from a
human being YouTube is likely going to
demonetize it the term templated refers
to video content that follows a specific
computer sequence and lacks any distinct
style or variations even for human
viewers this type of content is easily
recognizable and it is even more so for
AI systems which are very good at
identifying patterns typically templated
content has little to no educational
value as mentioned previously AI
generated voiceovers fall into this
category however if they are used to
help viewers understand the content the
video as a whole is not classified as
programmatically generated content since
it provides educational value or some
other benefit to the audience the fifth
phrase image slideshows or scrolling
text with minimal or no narrative
commentary or educational value you've
probably come across content like these
the use of image slide shows with with
background music and pictures is a
common form of content creation while
some of these types of content can be
entertaining YouTube generally
categorizes them as reused or
repetitious content this is because many
creators simply grab images and Stitch
them into a video without creating
original content nor providing any
commentary I know about some of these
types of channels that are monetized but
I also know about so many others that
are not monetized while there are some
channels that feature this type of
content and have monetized their content
with hundreds of thousands of
subscribers there are many others that
have not as a content creator it is
advisable to avoid producing this type
of content to remain on the safer side
if you choose to create content in a
similar style consider adding value by
making comments on the slideshow images
as they scroll through to summarize if
your intention for including AI
generated voice over or text to speech
in your videos is to Aid the audience in
comprehending the video's message to
entertain them or to enhance the audio
experience you are very likely to
receive monetization for your content
YouTube evaluates the entirety of the
video content before determining whether
to monetize or demonetize it however if
your video content contains copyrighted
material it may be flagged and
demonetized without considering the
overall content this video that has
appeared on the screen shows you a list
of the best AI text-to-speech software
that you can use to monetize your
YouTube videos also the second video
down below offers step-by-step
directions if you're interested in
learning how to generate content using
AI tools I appreciate your attention
thanks for watching
your career as a content creator would
soon be over but that's only if you
don't learn how to use AI tools
effectively to create whatever you want
and that's exactly what my channel is
all about teaching you how to use
several AI tools and software
I can say with certainty that basic
copywriting is officially dead with the
birth of gpt3 in this video I'm going to
briefly explore a few possibilities of
gpt3 from writing fictional
conversations to generating entire
YouTube video scripts and outlines the
possibilities of gpt3 and its
applications to content creation are too
broad and cannot be covered in a single
video I'm just going to focus on some
key areas that relates to social media
content creation and video production
for the first test I'm going to generate
a dialogue between characters using GPT
I'm going to provide a scene and gpt3 is
going to generate a conversation between
the characters here's my text prompt
Williams had just been diagnosed with
terminal cancer his two siblings bonetta
and Henry had come to visit him in the
hospital I want the AI to generate a
dialogue between the characters as they
try to comfort Williams for the sake of
this video I limited the output to 200
words one thing I love about gpt3 is
that you talk to it just as you'll talk
to any of your friends the conversation
is natural and doesn't require any
specific tags or special syntax as you
can see the AI really understands the
concept and has produced output that's
similar to a real world scenario it
seems to understand how the scene should
be and what the conversations should be
all about I'm going to push my
imagination up a little bit what if the
conversation was between a human and an
animal let me try this scene between
lumumba the Deer Hunter and the Magical
talking deer I'll hit enter and wait for
the output the generated output looks
like what you'd see in a typical African
fiction the introduction of the spirits
and the gods As the deer talks to
lumumba makes it unique to African style
of fiction if I didn't include Africa or
something related it wouldn't generate
something like this for this test I'm
going to give a brief summary of what
the story is All About and then ask gpt3
to expand it to as many words as I want
for the sake of the video I'm going to
limit it to 200 words so I want the AI
to imagine in a story about Lulu a
five-year-old boy who lives with his
parents on a chicken farm he wanders off
into the forest in search of his chicken
one evening and then mistakenly steps
into a time portal that takes him to 200
years into the future this is a
reasonable output it's not bad for a
fictional story but you get the point
you'll need to be as specific as
possible if you want some really unique
storyline
so what about writing an instructional
guide if you produce educational content
for YouTube If you have a software a
service or an equipment and you want to
find the best possible way to write some
detailed but easy to understand
instructional manual in several
different tones this AI software can do
a perfect job all you have to do is give
all the details and description of how
your product or service works and the
necessary steps that should be taken to
achieve specific results the AI is going
to analyze this and write an
instructional guide for anyone in any
language style or tone I use the
uninstallation of Windows 8 and
installation of Windows 11 onto a
computer as an example of how the
results could look like also if you have
an educational channel that teaches
people complex topics you can use chat
gpt3 to teach yourself how to present
the complex Topics in an easy to
understand Way by anyone at any level of
understanding an example is what you can
see on the screen I asked chatgpt to
write an explanation on how a phone
screen Works to display colors and
moving pictures in a way that could be
understood by an eight-year-old child
this explanation generated by GPT is
very easy to understand by anyone
so let's talk about generating YouTube
video ideas if you have an idea of the
type of YouTube video you want to make
this process is going to be a lot easier
let's assume that I want to create video
contents on augmented reality all I have
to do is give chat gpt3 my ideas like
generate YouTube video ideas about the
development of augmented reality I'll
also be specific by telling the AI the
interests of the people I am making the
video for for this I'll Target Tech
enthusiasts as you can see the outputs
are not so bad after all let's say I
want to make the same video for gaming
fans and for those who are interested in
video games all I have to do is change
the tech enthusiasts to Gamers and there
we have it I now have 10 video ideas
which are likely to interest Gamers I
could still use gpt3 to improve upon the
video ideas
let me generate a catchy and brief
YouTube video topics on the future of
the metaverse and endless opportunities
it could provide for ordinary people as
well as businesses as you can see chat
gpt3 has generated some nice video
topics for my YouTube channel if I had
one in this Niche so I'm going to ask it
to write the video outline for a YouTube
video on number five you can see that it
did a good job I could go on to expand
each section with chat gpt3 one by one
until I get to the final section let me
try to generate some brand names for a
YouTube channel just like digital tutor
where we review AI tools and software
and also make tutorials on content
creation I was curious to know what the
AI would produce and it came up with
this list of 10 brand names let me also
try writing out brand names for a tech
YouTube channel just like MKBHD or Mr
who's the boss Channel and here's the
list of 10 potential brand names for
anyone who wants to start a tech YouTube
channel I'm really hoping that you can
see the potential of this tool to help
you launch and create 8 content for your
YouTube channel you don't have to worry
about coming up with basic video ideas
and writing foundational video scripts
to conclude this test I'm going to ask
gpt3 to write an attention grabbing
script for a 15 seconds Tick Tock video
on the topic gpt3 and the future of
copywriting here's the script in
conclusion it's possible that there's a
bunch of businesses in YouTube channels
that would launch and scale their brand
by next year with just this AI tool I'm
going to also go in depth on content
Creation with chat gpt3ai click the
Subscribe button so that you get
notified whenever I upload videos on my
progress thanks for watching
AI can help you develop a color scheme
for your brand company website or
YouTube channel visit human.com click on
launch go to the drop down menu and
select the use case for your color
scheme if you want brand colors website
illustrations gradients mock-ups or any
other type of available use case for
your color scheme you can choose any
from the list the hex codes for your
colors will also be provided to make
things easier for your team and
designers you can copy the link to the
color palette and share it with them
whenever they visit the URL they'll be
able to see exactly what the colors look
like
